Welcome to SableVM!


Project Description
-------------------

SableVM is a portable bytecode interpreter written in C, and
implementing the Java virtual machine specification, second
edition. Its goals are to be reasonably small, fast, and efficient, as
well as providing a well-designed and robust platform for conducting
research.

You are welcome to install, test, and report back your comments,
suggestion, and bug reports using the different features
(mailing-list, bug tracking software, etc.) found on the
http://www.sablevm.org/ web site and its related
http://sourceforge.net/projects/sablevm/ SourceForge project page.


Installation
------------

Please carefully read the installation instructions in the INSTALL
file.

Note that the usual "./configure ; make install" is not sufficient to
get SableVM to work, unless you already have downloaded and installed
the class and native libraries.  The typical symptom of missing
libraries is the error message "could not create vm".


Joining
-------

You are welcome to join the project as a developer, as long as you
have maintained a "clean-room" status.  In simpler terms, you should
not have had access to confidential material under license terms that
precludes contributing to the development of SableVM.  [Having signed
the Sun community source license or any similar non-disclusure
agreement, for example, would be such a situation].


Additional Information
----------------------

You will find more information about this version of SableVM in the
NEWS file.

Please carefully read the Copyright notice and license terms in the
file LICENSE, and do not forget to read the names of all authors and
copyright holders in the AUTHORS file.


Enjoy!
